CDS-57112-identify freeze windows for failed pipeline execution (#1411)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/deployment-freeze.md

If a pipeline is running and a freeze happens, the pipeline will continue to run until the current stage of the pipeline has executed. Once that stage executes, the freeze is implemented and no further stages will execute.

> If the freeze happens to a running pipeline and it is unable to complete all stages, the status of the pipeline execution is listed as **Aborted By Freeze**. You can view the associated freeze windows that failed the pipeline execution by hovering over the status of the pipeline in its execution history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines that become frozen during execution and cannot complete all stages are marked as **Aborted By Freeze**. Hovering over the pipeline status in its execution history displays the associated freeze windows that failed the pipeline execution.
```
